# tickets generated by network provider
#Metadata : 

Unified Event Ticketing (UET) is an enterprise event management system that is widely used in the industry. Users rely on UET to create tickets for various issues, such as network/application problems and change requests. UET can also automatically generate tickets based on events from its communications with other systems.

A challenge that telecom and/or ISP constantly faces is how can it continue to meet your business needs from a technology standpoint, but yet, reduce costs and boost productivity? UET is a hybrid of the Information Technology Infrastructure Library (ITIL) and ETOM (Enhanced Telecommunications Operation Model) Business Process Framework.

In addition to using the best practices of ITIL and ETOM, UET is built on Remedy, a leader in developing IT service management solutions for the help desk industry. UET handles and processes tickets coming from modules, such as:

Incident Management

Problem Management

Change Management

Configuration Management

Other capabilities that UET provides are workflow management, business intelligence (BI)/reporting, and notifications.

 

UET streamlines your business processes so that your operations run more efficiently. It prevents human error by automating redundant tasks, helps you get the most out of your current business processes, and trims both of your operating and customer care costs. Advantages that UET provides:

 

#Supports Process Management:
Enables you to capture accurate ticket information before it goes to the fixed agent. UET also forces you to analyze your existing business processes and determine if they are obsolete or if you can enhance them.

 

#Provides Tracking and Traceability: 
Records information about each activity. This is valuable, particularly for auditing purposes, because it allows you to retrace and obtain information about specific activities. Not only can you find out about the activity, but learn who performed it and the time and date that it was performed.

 
#Manages Change Requests: 
Provides a central location for storing metrics data on network operations, availability, scorecards, etc. This allows you to quickly access this data and create reports.

 

#Provides Historical Context: 
Allows you to view and analyze historical data so that you can identify patterns and trends. With this information, you can drill down to find out the root cause of the problem. Analyzing historical data not only enables you to repair the problem, but it also prevents the issue from recurring.

 

#Speeds up the Resolution Time: 
Automates routine tasks and receives and populates data. This reduces incorrect or redundant data. Instead, UET enables you to focus on resolving the problem. This results in your SLAs performing near 100%.

 

#Builds Stronger Customer Relationships: 
Streamlines customer handling time by presenting customer service representative (CSR) outage data in near real-time. This not only results in better customer satisfaction but reduces customer churn.

 

#Reduces customer care costs: 
UET enables you to reduce a large amount of customer care calls because it ensures that tickets contain accurate information. It also cuts down the time to troubleshoot the underlying causes of faults.

 

Tickets are used to track problems on the Cox Network. These tickets can be created manually or automatically by an application such as a monitoring application.

We have data of all the tickets created for a major telecom company network for 3 months. 

#Incident ID: 
Unique ticket identifier created automatically when the ticket is created in the ticketing system. The ticket can be generated both manually by a user or automatically by any network monitoring tool/application.

#Discipline: 
Discipline should be populated to indicate the type of service that is being impacted or has the potential to be impacted.  The options exist for Telephony, Video, and Data along with a combination of these options.  This field does not auto-populate except if created automatically, so the best choice should be selected.  This is not a mandatory field, so no error will occur if left blank.

#Impact: 
Defined whether customers are impacted due to the issue in the network. Can be Service Impacting or Non-Service Impacting

#System & Facility: 
The field should indicate where the asset is physically located.  This is not a required field; however, it should be populated when this information is available or known.

#Node: 
Logical associations of CPEs on the CMTS. Part of the backhaul network. A node is a geographical collection of homes on the HFC network. It can have as few as 20 people connected to it and as many as 1000. It is dependent on the size of the suburb and physical limitations

#Classification: 
This field should indicate what network or service this problem resides in.  This is a required field. Classification of type of issue.

#Category, Type & Item: 
These three fields should define the nature of the problem being experienced.  For tickets created from an application, these are automatically populated based on the mappings for Categorization.  If created manually, user selects the most appropriate values.

#Customers Affected: 
Number of customer affected due to the ticket. Can be zero too. 

#Component: 

This field should specify the part that was the root cause of the alarm.  The available fields that are in the drop down will tie directly to the Category value within the Asset record for the Asset+ field.  The mappings for these are in the Categorization form.  

#Specifics: 

This is another layer of detail for the root cause.  The available fields that are in the drop down will tie directly to the Type value within the Asset record for the Asset+ field.  The mappings for these are in the Categorization form.  


#Caused By: 
This is another layer of detail for the root cause.  The mappings for these are in the Categorization form.  

#Date Created: 

Date on which the event or ticket was created.

#Outage Minutes: 

This field calculates the difference from the Occurrence time of the event from the Restoral Date and time populated.  No manual calculation is required for this field.


#Asset+: 

This field may contain the same information as what is populated in the Sym Device+ field if the root cause of the incident is the same as the alarm that generated.  If the root cause device is the same select "Copy" and the device name will auto-populate in the asset field.  If the device causing the incident is different than the ticketed device, use the SA (Select Asset) button to identify the Asset at the root of the incident.

#Priority: 

This field should reflect the urgency of the issue and the extent of the issue.  Typically, these fields auto-populate when tickets are created from applications.  When tickets are manually created, the Priority must be set by the ticket originator.  

#Created By: 

User Id for the user or applications which created the ticket.

#Reporting Resolution: 

This should be populated after the final fix has been implemented.  This should include what was done to correct the issue and the Root Cause of the problem This is a required field in order to resolve the ticket

#Asset Category: 
Denotes the category to which the Assets belong.
